# **Privacy Policy for "Tilt the maze"**

# **Privacy Policy**

Last updated: June 24, 2023

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use
and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about
Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

By using the Service, You agree to the usage of information in accordance with
this Privacy Policy.

# **Interpretation and Definitions**

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under
the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning
regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

# **Definitions**

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Application** refers to "Tilt the maze".

- **Service Provider** (reffered to as either "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement)
refers to Landery games.

- **Country** refers to: Ukraine.

- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as cellphone or a
digital tablet.

- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable
individual.

- **Service** refers to the Application.

- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use
of the Service of the Service infrastructure itself 

- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the legal entity on
behalf of which such indivual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

- **Local Storage** refers to the local storage of Your Device.

# **Collecting and Using Your Personal Data**
We use Google Mobile Ads SDK for showing ads. The Google Mobile Ads SDK collects and shares the following data types automatically for advertising, analytics, and fraud prevention purposes:
- **IP-Address**: collects Device's IP address, which may be used to estimate the general location of a Device;
- **User product interactions**: collects user product interactions and interaction information, including Application launch, taps, and video views;
- **Diagnostic information**: collects information related to the performance of the Application and the SDK, including crash logs, Application launch time, hang rate, and energy usage;
- **Device and Account identifiers**: collects Android advertising (ad) ID, Application set ID, and, if applicable, other identifiers related to signed-in accounts on the device.

All of your data collected by Google Mobile Ads SDK is encrypted in transit using the Transport Layer Security (TLS) protocol.

# **Access to Local Storage**

Application requires access to Your Device's Local Storage for saving and loading
saved game data.

# **Internet connection**

Application requires internet connection and network state status to load and show ads.

# **Children's Privacy**

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly
collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.

# **Changes to this Privacy Policy**

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any
changes by posting the new Privacy Policy in this document.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted in this document.

# **Contact Us**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

- By email: andriilizunov@gmail.com
